## **Advantages and Opportunities of Taiwan**
* Abundant offshore wind resource: According to a survey by the professional offshore wind website 4C Offshore, Taiwan Strait is one of the most ideal offshore windfarm in the world.
* Solar power: A global leader in solar IC cells manufacture, Taiwan can build converters and energy storage systems industries with high technological content through international collaborations.
* Shalun Smart Green Energy Science City: By combining governmental resources, both central and local, the City will comprise a joint research center, demonstration fields, bilingual schools, smart green circular housing units, and more that add up to a low-carbon and smart environment. The goal is to bring industrial and academic resources together, forming an industry cluster with 30 parks within a 45-kilometer radius of the City, and thus to make the City one of the best green energy innovation industrial ecosystem in the world.
* 20-year price premium on renewable electricity: Feed-in tariff provides stable and reasonable revenue for renewable energy developers.
* Amendment to the Electrical Act in January 2017: Renewable energy electricity can now be freely traded, promoting unrestricted circulation in the market. In May, 2017, the first batch of renewable energy certificates was issued, incentivizing investment in renewable energy from private and corporates.
* National Energy Program: With 10 years of achievements in the field of green energy technology under our belt, Green Energy Technology Industry Promotion Center will continue to promote transdisciplinary applications of green technologies, to strengthen international R&D collaborations in research and to expand the scope of applications.
